RHDEVDOCS-3165 - updates to config map code comments and docgen utility (#1773)
openshift/cluster-monitoring-operator: Documentation/openshiftdocs/index.adoc

// DO NOT EDIT THE CONTENT IN THIS FILE. It is automatically generated from the 
	// source code for the Cluster Monitoring Operator. Any changes made to this 
	// file will be overwritten when the content is re-generated. If you wish to 
	// make edits, read the docgen utility instructions in the source code for the 
	// CMO.
	:_content-type: ASSEMBLY

[id="configmap-reference-for-cluster-monitoring-operator"]
= ConfigMap reference for the Cluster Monitoring Operator
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: configmap-reference-for-cluster-monitoring-operator

toc::[]

[id="cluster-monitoring-operator-configuration-reference"]
== Cluster Monitoring Operator configuration reference

Parts of {product-title} cluster monitoring are configurable.
The API is accessible by setting parameters defined in various config maps. 

Depending on which part of the stack you want to configure, edit the following:

> - To configure monitoring components, edit the config map named `cluster-monitoring-config` in the `openshift-monitoring` namespace. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To configure monitoring components, edit the `ConfigMap` resource named `cluster-monitoring-config` in the `openshift-monitoring` namespace. 
```

toc::[]

[id="cluster-monitoring-operator-configuration-reference"]
== Cluster Monitoring Operator configuration reference

Parts of {product-title} cluster monitoring are configurable.
The API is accessible by setting parameters defined in various config maps. 

Depending on which part of the stack you want to configure, edit the following:

- To configure monitoring components, edit the `ConfigMap` object named `cluster-monitoring-config` in the `openshift-monitoring` namespace. 
These configurations are defined by link:#clustermonitoringconfiguration[ClusterMonitoringConfiguration].
- To configure monitoring components that monitor user-defined projects, edit the `ConfigMap` object named `user-workload-monitoring-config` in the `openshift-user-workload-monitoring` namespace. 
These configurations are defined by link:#userworkloadconfiguration[UserWorkloadConfiguration].

The configuration file itself is always defined under the `config.yaml` key in the config map data.

[NOTE]
====
* Not all configuration parameters are exposed. 
* Configuring cluster monitoring is optional. 
* If a configuration does not exist or is empty, default values are used.

> * If the configuration isn't valid YAML data, the Cluster Monitoring Operator stops reconciling the resources and reports `Degraded=True` in the status conditions of the Operator.

Reviewer 2: isn't valid
->
is invalid

Author: fixed
